this is Michigan Potter this is the
largest event of its kind in Lower
Michigan we've had people come from
Montreal Toronto Colorado Kentucky
Cincinnati Pittsburgh
goodbye there good times hey this is a
really festival atmosphere there's some
really cool things that going on here
but primarily it's pond hockey Pond
Hockey is four on four there's no
goalies that we play on our big sheet of
75 feet wide by 150 feet long it's
pretty competitive we have some X Pro
players in there all d1 players in there
they're battling for really really hard
one minute left
everyone's having a good time two years
ago we had an idea to formulate the
Michigan Pond Hockey sports charities
families have to actually pay a fee in
order for their kid to pay a high school
sport there's a lot of kids in the in
the local communities that their
families are having financial problems
they won't be able to play and last
someone was there to provide some type
of assistance 100% of the proceeds of
this event go into the Jerry
we have night games as well as day games
that's what guys remember they remember
throwing up in the backyard and flame
and get me God and so we try to do that
here
this is a no-contact event although you
know players are player you know as long
as guys don't get extremely hurt its
pond hockey everything goes Bloody Mary
honey mirrors cigarettes and chew living
it Leah Tapia I'd like to grow this
thing to be about 200 teams I'd like to
turn this into the top five the pond
hockey across the nation that the more
players you get the more sponsors you
get which allows us to do more things
and for a lot of people that are out
there you need